Tech Mechanics:
Attached a Screenshot of the trees and a table of descriptions for reference.
Exact bonus/ effect values tbd - ensure they’re configurable in dev tools in anew menu “Technology”.
Need a new section for “Fixed Costs” - appears under Budget on weekly ticket menu, in a new section (above sliders).
A technology can unlock new buildings, policies, fixed cost items, culture, or upgrades to the former.
Fixed costs are a new part of the budget menu that appear with a weekly cost, effects, and a checkbox turning them on or off for the week ahead. An example if the Cleaner tech, which provides a cleanliness bonus at a set weekly rate.
Culture is researched and automatically applied - it typically just gatekeeps other techs. Each culture tech researched earns a badge for the commune.
Need a new “Technology” part of the weekly ticker. That lets the user invest in various techs. Modal shows available techs for research in a list (item, metric focus, effect (pop up for details), cost).
User can research 1 tech/week - it will be available the following week (for now - we may introduction research speed variables later).
There are 3 tech trees, mapping to the health metrics: living standards, productivity, partytime .
Each bit of research unlocks 2 more branches of that tree - always 1-2 split. Branches represent a theme (ie. types of fun investment - this is more for flavour than actual mechanics).
Each piece of tech research has an associated cost (£). Research time is one week. 
For now we will keep level 1 and 2 only - level 3 will be visible, but marked as unavailable. We won’t develop any of these mechanics for now - just level 1 and 2. 
There’s a list of tech and effects ahead. These should be in a read-only menu in dev tools, and a new modal. This model should have a flowchart style display expandable modal, showing the various tech trees. We need to think of ways to factor in dev tools tuning controls; suggest some kind of vertical list with variable % effect inputs?
The player UI should also show the tech tree as an expandable modal, but it should only show discovered techs, the rest remains greyed out.
We will also need to add a new Policies section to dev tools that lists policies/ effects/ dependencies (ie. “Ocado/ Boosts Nutrition/ Ocado Tech)
Both heaven and the hottub buildings increase fun production - I think we increase the base level production rather than a multiplier, but open to ideas!
